Task 1 Questions:
    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        An element that clearly portrays its meaning to the broweser and developer.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
        Hypertext Markup Language is used to create the initial skeleton/foundation of a web page.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        Attributes provide elements with different properties such as names, and must always be in quotes.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? 
        Main Header. One time max per page.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes.
         <Input> <Select>   
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        <Header>
    7. What is an id? The id attribute is specfic to one HTML element on the page and is also used in CSS to style specific elements.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        <Header><Body><p>
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
         One time
    10. What is a class? 
        An attribute used to specify a specific class for html elements.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        <Div>
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        Multiple times.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        By using the anchor element.
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
        To provide alternate information for viewers to gather if the image is unavailable for viewing.
    15. How do I reference an id?
        Using a "#" followed by the id name.
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        The content found wihtin a section is grouped under specific themes relative to the entry. Div's don't convey any true meaning, and is really only
        used to markup semantics. 
    17. What is CSS used for? 
        To style all elements on the page
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        h2 {}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        Ids are unique to one element, classes can be used on multiple.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        By placing a "." in front of the element name. ie - .class
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        p.human{}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        Two selectors separated by a ">" symbol. Very useful when you want to select and style specifc elements within specifc parents.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        By using descendant selectors.
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        A selector used to style elements in a specific state. (ie.highlighters)
    25. What do we use to change the spacing between lines?
        Line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        text-transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        div {
            border-style:1px dotted black;
        }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        * selector
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        Using /* */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls command
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        By using the rm command. You could potentially delete essential programs that may damage your computer.
    34. Why should I use version control? 
        It records changes you made a specific times, so you could always revert.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        As often as possible to retain information.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        a. Fork the provided repo.
        b. Clone the repo.
        c. Create your own branch with the repo.
        d. Add and commit changes.
        e. Push the changes to "my" github repo.
        f. Sumbit a pull request.

Task 2 - CodePen Link: https://codepen.io/jadynkonadu/pen/KKNveQP?editors=1100